Initialize repository (#1)
baikonur-oss/terraform-aws-lambda-eden-api: README.md

2019-04-10T23:11:40.483Z INFO     [main.py:delete_env:700] Successfully finished deleting environment dev-dynamic-add-nothing 
```

#### Delete API (non-existent env)
`curl https://eden.example.com/api/v1/delete?branch=add-nothing`

```
2019-04-10T23:14:46.216Z INFO     [main.py:check_record:495] Checking if record api-add-nothing.dev.example.com. exists in zone Zxxxxxxxxxxxx 
2019-04-10T23:14:46.514Z INFO     [main.py:delete_cname_record:600] CNAME record for api-add-nothing.dev.example.com does not exist, skipping deletion 
2019-04-10T23:14:46.872Z INFO     [main.py:delete_env:662] ECS Service dev-dynamic-add-nothing not found, skipping deletion 
2019-04-10T23:14:46.923Z INFO     [main.py:delete_env:691] Target group dev-dynamic-add-nothing not found, skipping deletion of listener rule and target group 
2019-04-10T23:14:46.991Z INFO     [main.py:delete_env:697] Deleted all task definitions for family: dev-dynamic-add-nothing, 0 tasks deleted total 
2019-04-10T23:14:46.991Z INFO     [main.py:delete_env:700] Successfully finished deleting environment dev-dynamic-add-nothing 
```

### Version pinning
#### Terraform Module Registry

> Use `version` parameter to pin to a specific version, or to specify a version constraint when pulling from [Terraform Module Registry](https://registry.terraform.io) (`source = baikonur-oss/%module_name%/aws`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `version` parameter to pin to a specific version, or to specify a version constraint when pulling from [Terraform Module Registry](https://registry.terraform.io) (`source = baikonur-oss/terraform-aws-lambda-eden-api/aws`).
```
